Low level design questions Razorpay:
1.Design a photo-sharing app with six features and a bonus feature.
  Key Discussion: Focused on design patterns like MVC and Singleton.
2.I was asked to design Rating service with 1 user, then multiple users.
  Similar to like, any survey.
3.Your organization has started a new tech blog with interesting tech stories and you’re responsible for
  designing and implementing an in-memory search engine, supporting the search functionality on the blog content.

  Requirements:
  It should be possible to create a category in the search engine.
  It should be possible to insert and delete documents in a given category.
  It should be possible to search through documents for a search pattern in a given category. (Normal,FRequencyBased)
  It should be possible to order the search results(Created,Updates).
4.Desing Rating service.
	1) Where Admin can create a survey 
	2) add questions to a survey 
	3) User can take the survey and give responses. 
	4) we should support average rating per survey result 
	5) we should support average rating of a survey. 
5.Machine Coding of Logger System
6.Duration: 1 hour
  The task was to implement a version control system similar to Git. The system needed to support:
  
  Adding files for commits
  Committing files
  Creating different branches
  Rolling back to previous commits
  The interviewer emphasized the rollback feature and expected a thoughtful and efficient implementation of this functionality.

7.LLD: Design a in-memory splitwise application
  Requirements:
  Design and implement an In Memory Expense sharing application where users should be able to add expenses and split it among users. Ex - Splitwise
  User should be able to add expense which could be divided equally.
  Expose a function to get all the expense added by user.
  Expose a function to get balance of a user [this should give final balance of user and simplified balance with each user].
  Expose a function to get all the expense where the user is part of.
  For interview we need only equal split to be implemented but solution should be extensible for other type of expense like unequal split or percentage split.
8.LLD of survey management service with proper working code in java (in local intellij, had to run few manual test cases as well)
  requirements were like admin should be able to create survey, add questions to survey with
  weighted options (good / v good / poor)
  user should be able to submit response
  how will you handle multiple users trying to fill same question
  admin needs support to calculate overall rating for a survey
  admin needs support to calculate overall average rating of a particular question.
9. Q: Design a search engine. Complete working code needed with test cases.

10. Design an in-memory sql database. Functionalities required were -

It should be possible to create or delete tables in a database.
A table definition comprises columns which have types. They can also have constraints
The supported column types are string and int.
The string type can have a maximum length of 20 characters.
The int type can have a minimum value of -1024 and a maximum value of 1024.
Support for mandatory fields (tagging a column as required)
It should be possible to insert records in a table.
It should be possible to print all records in a table.
Follow-ups -

How can we add filter records whose column values match a given value?
What design pattern would be used?
